add info re: Component and Recommendation filters; update screenshots (#1324)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/findings.md

3. Click **Create issue with Jira**.
-->

## Use Assistant to analyze findings (beta)

If you have [enabled Assistant](/semgrep-code/semgrep-assistant-code/#enabling-semgrep-assistant),
you can use the **Analyze** button at the top-right to trigger all Assistant
functions, including autofix, autotriage, and component tagging. After Assistant
performs these functions, you can see your results using the **Recommendation**
or **Component** filters.

To analyze your findings with Assistant:

1. On the [Findings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings?tab=open) page, select
   the findings that you want Assistant to analyze.
2. Click **Analyze**.

> 3. In the confirmation window that appears, confirm that you would like to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the confirmation window that appears, confirm that you want to
```
Extremely minor.
